









Veterinarians | Duluth Veterinarians | Veterinarians in Duluth MN




















































2965 Buford Highway

                    Duluth, GA 30096








770-476-3317




















Duluth Veterinarians




















Our Team






Our team of experienced and compassionate veterinarians will ensure that your pet is getting the best treatment possible. All of our doctors have various backgrounds and specialities, and each will provide stellar care to any animal that walks in the door. Let us help maintain your pet's optimum health at our office with the latest technology combined with experts in the field that have a passion for animal care. We hope you enjoy reading more about our veterinary staff.




Mike Miller, DVM, Owner, Medical Director


Dr. Miller was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and attended the University of California, Davis where he earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Animal Science and Agriculture. Dr. Miller received his Doctorate of Veterinary Medicine from UC Davis School of Veterinary Medicine in 1990. After graduation, he completed an internship in small animal medicine and surgery at North Carolina State University. He then joined Duluth Animal Hospital in 1994.


He enjoys keeping the clients, patients, and staff in the best of care! In addition to veterinary medicine, Dr. Miller enjoys fishing, reading, skiing, and spending time with his family.








Beth Niagro, DVM, MS 


Dr. Beth Niagro joined Duluth Animal Hospital in 1997. She earned her Doctorate of Veterinary Medicine from the University of Georgia College of Veterinary Medicine, where she also completed an internship. Dr. Niagro received her Master of Science degree in Applied Biology and Physiology from the University of South Carolina and began working at Duluth Animal Hospital back in 1997. Her veterinary special interests include ultrasonography and internal medicine.


At home, Dr. Niagro has an adorable Papillion named Skipper. Her personal interests include reading, watching movies, and vacationing—especially to the beach!








Corby Holson, DVM


Dr. Corby Holson joined Duluth Animal Hospital in 2008. Born and raised in South Carolina, Dr. Holson received her Bachelor of Science degree from Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina. She went on to earn her Doctorate of Veterinary Medicine from University of Georgia School of Veterinary Medicine, where she received an award for excellence in small animal medicine and surgery, as well as the Avian Medicine Excellence Award.


Dr. Holson's special interests include soft tissue surgery, behavior and dermatology. She holds a certification in veterinary acupuncture and is an active member of the American Veterinary Medical Association. At home, Dr. Holson is an avid runner and enjoys traveling and outdoor activities with her husband David and their dogs Pippin and Sprinkle Donut.
























Duluth Animal Hospital


2965 Buford Highway

                    Duluth, GA 30096


Phone:
 770-476-3317


Fax:
 770-476-7759




Connect With Us


Facebook
 
|
 
YouTube
 
|
 
Yelp








Hospital Hours


Monday - Thursday:
 8:00 AM - 7:00 PM


Friday:
 8:00 AM - 6:00 PM


Saturday & Sunday:
 Closed




After Hour Emergencies


Blue Pearl Specialty and Emergency
 
|
 770-277-8600






















Veterinary Marketing Solutions
 | © 
VetNetwork, LLC
 | 
Sitemap






Back to Top








About Us




About


In Our Community


Awards


Location and Directions


Hospital Tour






Our Team




Veterinarians


Our Staff






Our Services




Pet Wellness Services


Health Care Services


Diagnostic Services


Client Services


Your Pet's Surgery


Pet Dental Care


Boarding & Spa Services


Emergency Services










Resources




Make An Appointment


Request A Medication


Download Our App


Newsletter


Medical Articles


Related Links


Hospital Forms


Infographics


Educational Dog Videos


Educational Cat Videos






Online Store


Contact















